---
layout: post
title: Jesus 101
subtitle: Sermon Notes
cover-img: /media/images/Jesus-101.jpg
thumbnail-img: /media/images/Jesus-101.jpg
share-img: /media/images/Jesus-101.jpg
tags: [Jesus, God, Holy Spirit, Christianity, Sermon Notes]
comments: true
---

In today’s world, we are overwhelmed with information; the internet (social media), TV, radio, and the many apps we have on our phones all have both good (correct) and bad (incorrect) information. The news media or as President Trump says mainstream media (fake news) have become the editors that censure or spin information the way they want us to hear it. An example of that is Twitter banning President Trump. Twitter is trying to censure what the President of the United States wants to tell us. Facebook is putting warnings that say “False Information” on what you and I say on their platform if it does not align with what Facebook wants us to see and believe. When did Twitter and Facebook become the authority that says what we should believe and what we should not believe? Or a better question is, how did we give them permission to have this authority? I do not have all the answers, but I do know that I need help deciphering/filtering all this information. So; How can we get help with all this information? Who can we trust to give us the correct information?

Jesus/God/Holy Spirit. You see, Jesus is like a father, in my fact, I call him dad at times when I pray. And like a dad, He is the one we can bring this information to and ask Him for help. But just like a dad, you need to have a relationship with Him. You need to spend time with Him, seek to understand Him and see His character. I could go on and on about this and Christians seem to have their own opinions on this as well.

But if you read the bible, the book that is the #1 bestseller of all time. In the book that our Father has given us, you will find Romans chapter ten, verse nine. “because, if you confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved.” This simply means that if you believe in Jesus and that He is your heavenly father then you recognize that you have a relationship with Him. Just like our real dads, biological dads. We have a relationship with them, we are tied to them in a family. The family may have all kinds of different opinions. Just like Christians that have all kinds of different opinions. But our dad is our dad, whether we like it or not. Whether it is a good relationship or not. The same is true for our heavenly Father. Jesus is that Heavenly Father, we came from Him. He gave us life on this earth. We are His. Whether we like it or not. And just like we must work on our relationship with our fathers if we want to get to know them and rely on them. The same is true for our Heavenly father. And it starts with believing He is who He says He is.

It’s that simple to have someone we can take all this information to, to help us make sense of it all. The information overload will become more and more as well as the confusion about what and who to believe. Rely on your heavenly dad to help with it.

[Romans 10 - ESV](https://my.bible.com/bible/59/ROM.10.esv)   
[John 3 - ESV](https://my.bible.com/bible/59/JHN.3.esv)   